Hallway of your you can tell which manager
first gta video today is not there
so much thundering but I have a few
ask you because I can do it myself
not really loose and I don't really know
how it gets
download question to you he is on
the background a gameplay of no kia
but there are problems
I want to record I love doing it
first no dimming the internet anyway so not
or base and just laugh out at me and
with a few other people and then me
wait a whole day and the next
part time and then I recorded something
and you can see that in the background
I went to air base have some things
done some funny things
go see you all in this one
series
there will be lots of funny things
and very nice things he described you
my many people had voted for it
Aa troll and just a little round
braking sucks I know a lot
mixed up funny things
so I will upload that anyway
voted or viva
but had there not in this video
the point is that I had some questions and
first question is and you know you
maybe more with an elgato
I have a good number with that
someone else can record sound and and
often party via playstation eye brow
bar that was a question
and the next is how do you want one
I bit it and dintel
because I am not really experiencing it yet
have never given you recorded so me
don't really know how to do it
and I thought maybe you know
the standing asks may you know further
you still have fun things in series
office might care less
play more online hi than just fucking
I can gta two series because I order and
so discard one week I do he is the
the other week I am just enjoying myself again
find moment locks I know you can
put you in the comments and me
start creating a new account soon
so that I have one
Normally nothing hey and yes I do
worry about a new beginning that is already happening
such the high series
then start all over again
no money and then I'll go
only record so I don't go on it
I will still play there during my free time
only when I'm recording
I have chosen two people who are you
have never seen it on my channel
and I have not known that for long
what would like anyway give you record
and with plate
a very good british and the other one
two guests we go he stood I hope
you guys from the series Gea go
enjoy because it's all a bit
new to me
yes i have never really been with the
ps4 included i do add it there occasionally
once again with a beast he recorded
but yes ps hour really a lot better
more convenient and now I hope you really
its field of reacies
only i don't really know how to do it yet
go do it so that's why I'm going to be men
watch other youtubers and see how
we do how they edit and try
make it as fun as possible for
you
so i'll put on so many funny things
you are going to show because yes I think so
nevertheless great I think it is already quite myself
funny and play i really like it
best game too is no well it's so beautiful
game of course is four of mine
favorite game but give yours is there too
another if i will choose from the
shooting game
then it would be give you because
officially a bit of a shooting game
but not why it blackops to
I also think that's a good plan, but yes
my favorite fifa game is of course
always am newest fifa so now fifa 15
and almost fifa 16
holy shit with sleep i also want to connect
but yes this was actually again
a little updates and some questions but me
yes i just don't know how i got it
must do and then I just thought late
in the background what gives you see what
i am doing
I just have a game of 10 tedtalks
played not very well went on
fine
hopefully you found this little video
nice we don't follow a keyboard for one
always new for at least seven minutes
seven eight minutes and
no one turns seven for videos
eight minutes and vlog always become 10
minutes and even though my videos anyway
in the upload schedule chair no vlog
but that is because that yes I can
don't determine i don't know when i go
vlogging and how I'm going to do that
so that would always report on my
instagram and twitter is in the
Description
have you not subscribed yet?
do a little video below
just a thumbs up to help me
really join me and hope you go
enjoy my new series and
a bit of an update of my channel
check you Wednesday at a
minecraft video later